README.md, before:

# City Facility TV Display Documentation

This repository contains tips, tricks, and setup instructions
for [cityssm/tv-display](https://github.com/cityssm/tv-display) based TV Displays.

## The Main Setup

Setups can greatly vary depending on your environment, with the basic steps as follows.

1. **Clone or download the [cityssm/tv-display repository](https://github.com/cityssm/tv-display) to a web server.**

   The web server can run on the machine that will be displaying the content,
   or on another machine that will be visible to the display machine over
   a network connection.

2. **Build a `config.json` file, defining the content that will be shown.**

3. **Open a web browser on the display machine and point it at the display configuration.**

   To load the `default.json` configuration, for example, the link might be:
   http://localhost/tv-display/?config=default


## Device Setups

Although these instructions are geared towards specific operating systems,
it should be possible to use them on the OS of your choice.

- [Setup on Linux Mint](deviceSetup/linuxMint.md) - Includes instructions for a local web server.
- [Setup on a Raspberry Pi](deviceSetup/raspberryPi.md) - Includes instructions for a local web server.


## `config.json` Setups

**Coming soon**


## "Real World" Setups

**Comming soon**

Commit message:

Details on the plans for John Rhodes

README.md, after:

# City Facility TV Display Documentation

This repository contains tips, tricks, and setup instructions
for [cityssm/tv-display](https://github.com/cityssm/tv-display) based TV Displays.

## The Main Setup

Setups can greatly vary depending on your environment, with the basic steps as follows.

1. **Clone or download the [cityssm/tv-display repository](https://github.com/cityssm/tv-display) to a web server.**

   The web server can run on the machine that will be displaying the content,
   or on another machine that will be visible to the display machine over
   a network connection.

2. **Build a `config.json` file, defining the content that will be shown.**

3. **Open a web browser on the display machine and point it at the display configuration.**

   To load the `default.json` configuration, for example, the link might be:
   http://localhost/tv-display/?config=default


## Device Setups

Although these instructions are geared towards specific operating systems,
it should be possible to use them on the OS of your choice.

- [Setup on Linux Mint](deviceSetup/linuxMint.md) - Includes instructions for a local web server.
- [Setup on a Raspberry Pi](deviceSetup/raspberryPi.md) - Includes instructions for a local web server.


## "Real World" Setups

- [John Rhodes Community Centre](realWorld/johnRhodes.md) - To be installed very soon.


## `config.json` Tips and Tricks

**Coming soon**
